applications: nrf_desktop: Use static PM configuration (#1775)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst

Static partitions are defined through a YAML-formatted configuration file in the root application's source directory.
This file is similar to the regular :file:`pm.yml` configuration files, except that it also defines the start address for all partitions.

If the build system discovers a file named :file:`pm_static.yml`, it automatically provides it to the Partition Manager script as static configuration.

> The :file:`pm_static.yml` file can be placed in an application's source directory or path to it can be given to build system by setting ``pm_static_CONF_FILE`` variable in the applications cmake file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static configuration can be provided through a :file:`pm_static.yml` file in the application's source directory.
Alternatively, define a ``pm_static_CONF_FILE`` variable that provides the path and file name for the static configuration in the application's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file.
```

> The :file:`pm_static.yml` file can be placed in an application's source directory or path to it can be given to build system by setting ``pm_static_CONF_FILE`` variable in the applications cmake file.

Author: I picked up @ru-fu suggestion - will be visible in next push.

Static partitions are defined through a YAML-formatted configuration file in the root application's source directory.
This file is similar to the regular :file:`pm.yml` configuration files, except that it also defines the start address for all partitions.

> If the build system discovers a file named :file:`pm_static.yml`, it automatically provides it to the Partition Manager script as static configuration.

Author: Yes, this is explained in the second sentence.

> If the build system discovers a file named :file:`pm_static.yml`, it automatically provides it to the Partition Manager script as static configuration.

Reviewer 2: Ok, we can leave it as it is.
